Remove stale 'namespace' config for JDBC lookups from doc (#10886)
apache/druid: docs/development/extensions-core/lookups-cached-global.md

> If using JDBC, you will need to add your database's client JAR files to the extension's directory.
> For Postgres, the connector JAR is already included.
> For MySQL, you can get it from https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/connector/j/.

> > The connector JAR should locate in the classpath of Druid's main class loader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The connector JAR should reside in the classpath of Druid's main class loader.
```
reside or "be located?"

> > An easy way to add it in the classpath is copying or symlinking the downloaded file to `lib/` under the distribution root directory.

Reviewer 2: looks like "symlinking" is called out by spell checker. I think it would be fine to add it to the dictionary in the website module. Might not be in a common dictionary, but from a computing standpoint it is a valid word IMO.

Author: I agree it's valid, but deleted it by addressing @techdocsmith's comment below.

> > An easy way to add it in the classpath is copying or symlinking the downloaded file to `lib/` under the distribution root directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To add the connector JAR to the classpath, you can copy the downloaded file to `lib/` under the distribution root directory. Alternatively, create a symbolic link to the connector in the `lib` directory.
```
